hey guys thanks stop by ballistic BBQ
and welcome to the latest installation
of my great burger Recreation series
I've received a bunch of requests to do
Five Guys burger I agree Five Guys
killer burger secret to their success is
keeping it simple they don't have a big
crazy menu the ingredients are very very
fresh and that's we're going to try to
do here so without any further ado let's
get started
first I want to cover the toppings that
I like to choose when I go to Five Guys
I personally like to keep my burgers
they're kind of simple and that's we're
going to do I'm going to basically make
my burger exactly how I order it at Five
Guys and we're going to go with ketchup
mustard mayo onions which I'm going to
grill up tomato some hand leaf lettuce
and some nice American deli style cheese
this is not you know the type that comes
wrapped in plastic let's get to making
those patties now alright so obviously I
have two patties of 80/20 some parchment
laid out what I'm going to do is place
this now five guys they're using like
three and half ounces I don't have a
scale so I don't know what just wanted
to keep on me even this is for me anyway
I'm not making any money on these things
anyway they actually stack theirs for
high and I think that's just for
production reasons alright now what they
use is this big like stainless steel
trowel thing to flatten them I'm going
to use my old burger Smasher from my
smash burger video and I'm going to
smash it see what happens here
yep looks pretty good a little bit more
all right let's get these things out to
the grill all right so let's get these
burgers going here and this is you know
regular 80/20 ground beef
thank you have five guys you know one of
their claims is the twice ground beef
this is just ground beef
they do not season their patties they
just I think they're just letting the
meat do the talkin here
now I'm going to grill some onion I
don't know whether they put oil or not
but I'm not growing 500 onions here so I
need a little bit of you know help
moisture so they'll be able to get right
out
[Music]
Bunz these are sesame seed buns but that
i luckily found these they have a little
bit more of an eggy ER base than you
know your regular bun so they're not you
know like your typical white bread bun
[Music]
and he's on the package it was you know
gourmet restaurant style buns and these
are pretty similar to what Five Guys
uses
[Music]
oh you know
very nice man you cannot ask for better
Chris Annette
[Music]
those are good
all right guys let's let's get all this
goodness into the house and we'll make
some burgers here all right so five guys
has a very specific way of dressing the
burgers there you go with three rings
ketchup on the bottom two rings of
mustard on the bottom bye
[Applause]
you want to go with our grilled onions
you know top line
Mayo
yes
five pickles one two three or and what
their thought is they want you to get a
bite in every bite of everything in
every bite and then two slices of tomato
right now for the burger cheese got a
little bit more melted than theirs just
because it you know while I was sitting
the cameras up let's go pretty darn good
oh look at that
alright now how they wrap this I hope I
don't know if the Spoils big enough they
just take the corners and up to the tops
yeah that's pretty much how you're going
to get it but you know what we're going
to eat this bad boy stand by this is
going to be ugly
I can't prepare with napkins this time
this thing is huge big as my head
I have to tell you this is no BS and
this is every is every bit as good as
the real thing like I said the key is
using good ingredients and it got some
good simple techniques and you can make
one of these at home no problem
anyway guys thanks again I'm getting a
lot of requests for some killer burgers
I'll be having another one coming up
real soon
take care